Update poject flow next (#1748)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/projects.md

1. Create a dbt Cloud account [here](https://cloud.getdbt.com/signup/). If your organization already has a dbt Cloud account, ask an admin to add you as a Developer.
2. If you created a new account, a new project should automatically be created. If you were added to an existing account:

>     * Click the gear icon in the top right of the screen, then `Projects` underneath your Account Settings.

Reviewer: Let's use bold so it doesn't get confused with code. (I know this is what we had there, but I can't help myself). Also just shortening the text.
```suggestion
    * Click the gear icon to the top right, then **Projects** under Account Settings.
```

>     * Name your project, and click `Continue`. There's no need to fill in the other details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Name your project, and click **Continue**. There's no need to fill in the other details.
```

3. Complete the project setup flow:
    * Connect to your <Term id="data-warehouse" />
    * Add a repository — either choose a managed repository, or connect to an existing, but bare, repository.

<Lightbox src="/img/dbt-cloud-project-setup-flow-next.png" title="dbt Cloud Project Setup flow" />

> 4. Go to the `Develop` interface by clicking on the `Develop` tab in the top navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Develop** in the top navigation.
```

> 5. Select `Initialize a project` to create your project. You should see a directory structure with `.sql` and `.yml` files that were generated by the `init` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select **Initialize a project** to create your project. You should see a directory structure with `.sql` and `.yml` files that were generated by the `init` command.
```
